Let’s see why there is a radio transmission equipment type approval certification\SRRC certification. Background: According to the "Regulations of the People's Republic of China on Radio Management"(Regulations of the People's Republic of China on Radio Management), in order to strengthen radio management, maintain the order of air waves, effectively develop and utilize radio spectrum resources, and ensure various radio services.



The Regulation shall be observed in the use of radio frequencies, the establishment and use of radio stations (stations), the R&D, production, import, sale and maintenance of radio transmitting equipment.

All radio transmission equipment produced in the territory of the People’s Republic of China must hold the "Radio Transmission Equipment Type Approval"certificate issued by the State Radio Regulation Committee (SRRC) after the type approval.The type approval code CMIIT ID must be marked on the label of the equipment.


Annexes :
1. Radio Transmission Equipment Type Approval Certificate
(sample)
2. Application Form for Radio Transmission Equipment Type Approval (sample)
3. Application Form for the Importation of Mechanical and
Electrical Products (sample)
4. Certificate for the Importation of Mechanical and Electrical
Products (sample)
5. Registration Form for the Importation of Mechanical and
Electrical Products (sample)
6. Declaration Form for Customs Entry of Radio Equipment
(sample)
7. Ratification Statement for Customs Entry of Radio Equipment (sample)

For any radio transmission equipment that are exported to China, the foreign businessman involved should possess a “ Radio Transmission Equipment Type Approval Certificate ” ( see Annex 1) issued by the Office of State Radio Regulatory Commission of the People’s Republic of China ( hereinafter referred to as SRRC Office ) and a Type Approval Identifier( hereinafter referred to as SRRC ID ) should be marked on the equipment.

Application SRRC need to prepare the information
1 application form (two copies)
2 power of attorney (two copies)
3 customer's business license (license Business)
4 the customer's ISO certificate or company profile and the company's ability to explain
5 the circuit diagram of the product, instruction manuals, block diagrams, related test reports (such as ID FCC)
6 antenna gain (Peak Gain Antenna) and pattern Antenna
7 test instruction (direction Test)
8 the company's business license (annual inspection can not be expired)
9 EUT color photos 3 copies (must contain the various interfaces and the side)
10 frequency channel control table (if there are a lot of work channels to provide, such as DSSS or FHSS working mode of the product)

Deeplight Technology specially arranges professional RF engineers to directly connect with SRRC let you save time and effort, one-stop finish SRRC certificate.

Email: sin@dlcer.com        WeChat：dlcert

Mobile：+86-18038042309     Tel：+86-755-8920 2795
