Mainly introduces conformance testing of GCF certification
Types of GCF certification

（1）Initial
Full test against all criteria.

（2）Variant
Only test impacted part against Initial model.

（3）Certified Module
Under the optimized scheme, testing focuses on functionality such as antenna, SIM contacts and user-interface that are specifically provided by the connected product rather than its embedded module.

（4）Certified Platform
GCF Platform Certification enables designers and manufacturers to develop innovative new connected products around pre-certified mobile communications functionality. 
This use of previously certified functional blocks, or “platforms”, allows the testing phase of product development to be more focused and cuts the total cost of obtaining GCF Certification for new connected products.

DeepLight Advantages：

（1）We more than ten years of experience in handling PTCRB certification and GCF certification, and the engineering project team can professional and quickly deal with such projects.

（2）DeepLight has helped many listed companies successfully complete the PTCRB certification and GCF certification.

（3）Because China mainland can finish the testing cases, our quotation will be preferential.

（4）Our professional engineering project team can provide nanny service, smooth and effective communication.

（5）Feedback the testing process in time to let customers know the progress of the project, and is critical path to hold the project progress well.

(6) In order to finish the PTCRB certification and GCF certification, the DeepLight  can also complete the WiFi alliance certification, FCC ID certification, IC ID certification, IMEI TAC code application.



Because there are many test cases of PTCRB certification and GCF certification, the testing time is long, and it will be some cases fail. Therefore, the experience of the project team is particularly critical. Our skilled engineering project team can provide the recommending measures for test fail. If the test fail is delayed and no one dealing with it, this may cause the whole project to fail.



Please to send product manual and product specifications to us，ask for a quote，we will reply the quotation within 1-2 days.Look forward to our cooperation.


Email：sin@dlcer.com                 WeChat：dlcert       

Mobile：+86-18038042309              Tel：+86-755-8920 2795   
