一、Japan PSE certification introduction

All products that belong to the catalog in the Japanese PSE certification must obtain product certificate and affix the Japan PSE certification mark on the product to enter the Japanese market.

Japan round PSE certification products have more categories. The round PSE certification requirements are simpler than the Japan diamond PSE certification. The Japan diamond-shaped PSE certification is more complicated and requires factory inspections.

PSE certification is a compulsory safety certification in Japan. It is used to prove that electrical and electronic products have passed the safety standards test of the Japanese Electrical and Material Safety Law (DENAN Law) or international IEC standards. Japan's DENTORL Act (Electrical Device and Material Control Act) stipulates that 506 products must pass safety certification to enter the Japanese market. Among them, 165 types of A products should obtain the diamond-shaped PSE mark, and 341 types of B products should obtain the circular PSE mark.

Post image

Post image
二、Applicable product range

Diamond PSE

Electric wires, wiring appliances, current limiters, transformers, stabilizers, electric heating appliances, electric power application machinery, AC electrical machinery, portable generators, other AC machinery, electrical conduits, small AC motors, light sources and light sources Applied machinery, batteries, etc. belong to the product range specified by the Safety Law for Certain Electrical Supplies, such as: DC power supply devices, switches and sockets, electric water heaters, power cords and plugs, other household appliance transformers (AC-AC power products), etc. 165 products.

Round PSE

Products that fall outside the specific electrical appliance safety law, such as: electric blankets, electric steamers, electric irons, electric ovens, microwave ovens, hair humidifiers, refrigerators, electric mixers, electric egg cookers, and electric insulation basins , Hair dryer, electric humidifier, projector, washing machine, incandescent bulb, fluorescent lamp, table lamp, decorative lamp, advertising lamp, lithium battery and all 341 products such as LED bulbs and LED lamps.

This is the introduction of PSE certification in Japan. Deeplight Technology is familiar with several Japanese Compulsory Certifications of electronic products,such as Japan radio law Telec certification (applicable for wireless products), Japan telecommunication law JATE certification (telecommunication products) and so on.Welcome to contact us about Japan certification.

Email: jl@dlcer.comWeChat:dlcert        Mobile:+86-18038042309     Tel:+86-755-8920 2795
