The general introduction article is a little complicated, so it looks simpler.
Mainly introduces conformance testing of PTCRB certification.

Types of PTCRB certification
（1）Initial
 Full test against all criteria.

（2）Variant
Different model name. Only test impacted part against Initial model.

（3）ECO
Same model name. Only test impacted part against Initial model.

（4）Integration
Under the optimized scheme, testing focuses on functionality such as antenna, 
SIM contacts and user-interface that are specifically provided by the connected product rather than its embedded module.

（5）Re-Branding
No testing required, only documentation. 
Ask.1PTCRB certification test requirements document
PPMD PTCRB Program Management Document
NAPRD03 Permanent Reference Document NAPRD03

DeepLight Advantages：

（1）We more than ten years of experience in handling PTCRB certification and GCF certification, and the engineering project team can professional and quickly deal with such projects.

（2）DeepLight has helped many listed companies successfully complete the PTCRB certification and GCF certification.

（3）Because China mainland can finish the testing cases, our quotation will be preferential.

（4）Our professional engineering project team can provide nanny service, smooth and effective communication.

（5）Feedback the testing process in time to let customers know the progress of the project, and is critical path to hold the project progress well.

(6) In order to finish the PTCRB certification and GCF certification, the DeepLight  can also complete the WiFi alliance certification, FCC ID certification, IC ID certification, IMEI TAC code application.



Because there are many test cases of PTCRB certification and GCF certification, the testing time is long, and it will be some cases fail. Therefore, the experience of the project team is particularly critical. Our skilled engineering project team can provide the recommending measures for test fail. If the test fail is delayed and no one dealing with it, this may cause the whole project to fail.


Please to send product manual and product specifications to us，ask for a quote，we will reply the quotation within 1-2 days.Look forward to our cooperation.


Email：jl@dlcer.com                  WeChat：lay999       

Mobile：+86-13266518903              Tel：+86-755-8920 2795 
